Task #292755 review and update for release 2.1.0 (#53)
united-security-providers/usp-core-waap: src/docs/upgrade.md

## Core WAAP Migration Guide

### Core WAAP Operator 2.0.x to >=2.1.0

- The predefined header allow classes have changed. See
  [Header filtering](header-filtering.md) for the full, current contents of each class.

>   - **`requestAllowClass: MINIMAL`** is deprecated and mapped to a new class `RESTRICTED`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - **`CoreWaapService.spec.headerFilter.filters[index].request.allowClass: MINIMAL`** is deprecated and mapped to a new class `RESTRICTED`.
```
